this is a test of the kaiju emergency
alert system that puts the epicenter of
the 7.1 earthquake right in the heart of
the San Francisco Bay this is only a
test I don't know what is gonna be left
of the city I repeat this is only a test
something out there had discovered us
the first kaiju made land in San
Francisco the second attack hit Manila
and then we learned this was not gonna
stop they counted on the humans to hide
to give up to fail
they never considered our ability to
stand to endure but we would rise to the
challenge pilots ready to connect two
pilots engaged in neural bridge ready to
activate the Jaeger in three two one
you
at the end of our time we've chosen to
believe in each other the day we face
the monsters that are at our door
today we are canceling the apocalypse
you